en,zh: release note for 1.3.4 (#1887)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/releases/release-1.3.4.md

---
title: TiDB Operator 1.3.4 Release Notes
---

# TiDB Operator 1.3.4 Release Notes

Release date: June 22, 2022

TiDB Operator version: 1.3.4

## Improvement

> - Add the `volumes` field in component's status to show volumes status ([#4540](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4540), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `volumes` field in the status information of each component to show the volume status ([#4540](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4540), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))
```
